Updated envoy website URLs to new domain (#13772)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2017/0.1-using-network-policy/index.md

## Implementation

> The Istio’s proxy is based on [Envoy](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/), which is implemented as a user space daemon in the data plane that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Istio’s proxy is based on {{<gloss envoy>}}Envoy{{</gloss>}}, which is implemented as a user space daemon in the data plane that
```

Reviewer: Fixed in merge editor
